How many days has it been
since I last did laundry?
Izuku Midoriya
is trying to fulfill the responsibility
that comes with his power,
but he's just a regular
high school student
who still has a lot to learn!
Please
continue to let this place
be his Hero Academia!
I was really
able to come back.
Don't get too fixated on it.
Sometimes killing is what's merciful.
Don't forget that.
Maybe killing him is the only way
to stop him,
and I don't even know exactly
what I need to do.
But I want to save him!
The battle is drawing close.
But surprisingly, I feel no fear.
Together, all of us
will bring it all back.
We will overcome despair
and go beyond.
To the future.
ORIGINAL STORY BY KOHEI HORIKOSHI
I'm here now in Japan's biggest city,
Tokyo.
As you can see, the city is down,
and other cities have received
similar damage.
The group behind the recent incidents
in Japan
is an organization called
the Paranormal Liberation Front.
The leader
is the infamous symbol of evil,
All For One,
and his successor, Tomura Shigaraki.
They released convicts
who were imprisoned nationwide.
The villains who escaped from prison
have been inflicting
heavy damage to the city.
Heroes in Japan
are working with the police
to capture the convicts,
but they are overwhelmingly outnumbered.
Therefore, the Japanese government
is requesting help from heroes worldwide...
What are you doing?
Oh, I'm...
reporting the state of this country.
You've no right to do that, foreigner.
Is it fun to stick your nose
into other people's problems?
That little!
Have we received orders to assist?
Not yet. The incidents unfolding in Japan
have invigorated villains worldwide
to take action.
The situation is urgent,
and the White House is being cautious.
Damn it.
We have the means
to send heroes to Japan
in just two to three hours!
Then...
will you take me, Bros?
Star...
You better take responsibility
for this, Star.
I'm going, and that's a fact.
It's just a matter of speed right now.
Plus,
it's a personal request from All Might.
Master is in trouble.
Why in the world would I hesitate to help?
This is a crucial moment.
Thanks to the havoc
wreaked by the escaped prisoners,
the police and heroes are busy
dealing with them
and can't give
their undivided attention to us.
We have won the game of hide-and-seek
on this small island of a country.
We could've won by leaving
the country too.
That's a different premise.
Winning the game of hide-and-seek
was just a short-term goal.
Gaining possession of One For All
is the mid-term goal.
That's not the final goal?
I have planned for a very long life.
And right now,
I'm simultaneously facing
the greatest challenge
and greatest opportunity of my life.
I have many friends worldwide.
All Might may have eradicated
organized crime here in Japan,
but it's a whole different story
in other countries.
Once I get them to wreak havoc,
all countries will inevitably
have to decide whether
to protect themselves or others.
What's the challenge and opportunity
you mentioned?
Star and Stripe.
The strongest woman.
She's a hero that reigns
in the land of the free
and the home of the heroes!
She won't bother with any petty tricks.
I'm taking a gamble!
It'll be quite the hassle
if she gets in our way.
But if I can take her Quirk,
then victory is as good as ours.
Now, Iguchi,
unlike Toya and the others,
you've shown devotion as my guard,
but it's time for you to take action.
From here on out,
you will be the one to support
Tomura Shigaraki with his battles.
Spinner!
You can spin and weave the future,
just as your name suggests.
You were nobody.
You led a difficlt life as a heteromorph.
You can hear it already, right?
There are many people
who silently sympathize with you.
LIBERATE THE PARANORMALS
SPINNER IS OUR ADVOCATE
Re-Destro was taken
by the despicable old regime.
But look.
Our dream has not collapsed.
The spark of liberation
is still smoldering.
We are the Vanguard Action Support Squad.
Because of what we stand for,
we were assigned to Spinner's squad.
Skeptic, who is still unharmed, said this.
Press on with the liberation!
Eliminate the remaining resistance
from the old regime
and work to fulfill
Re-Destro's revolution.
Gather the warriors.
And go about it
in the most convenient way for you all.
The League may be an irritating bunch
but joining them is an opportunity
we can't pass up.
They're people that Re-Destro
regarded as a ray of light.
Whether the League of Villains will become
true liberators or not
is of no importance.
Hold them in high regard!
We will be the ones to take them
to higher ground.
Once Tomura Shigaraki brings
everything to destruction,
we will sow the seeds of our future.
She'll be entering the airspace soon.
Once we meet up with her,
let's start planning.
It's so reassuring to have Star with us,
but I wonder if she'll get
into trouble back home.
The type of attitude she possesses
will be of great help to us.
For some time now,
I've been wanting to talk to her
about the prized vintage denim
from the Gold Rush.
This is Tsukauchi.
Endeavor, Hawks, do you copy?
We got a message.
We're about 50 kilometers
from the landing site...
It's him! He has shown himself!
This is quite the welcome.
You do as you please, huh?
Are you the villain called All For One?
I wonder...
What am I?
He's All For One.
No, he's not, Star.
He's Tomura Shigaraki.
According to intel, he destroys
everything with the touch of a finger.
He has superpower
and regenerating ability.
He also uses EMP blasts.
Deactivate auto-pilot.
Deploy the Anti-Pulse Field.
Roger. Bravo Leader.
Let me ask just in case.
Do you want to attack or avert?
Of course, we'll...
smash!
Okay, Star.
I hope at least one aircraft
will land safely.
Deploy the battle formation.
All aircraft! Formation Delta.
Roger. Bravo Leader.
Now it's time to take down the villain!
I'll make sure your remains are returned
to your family.
Fight without any hesitation!
This feels weird.
I can say with certainty
that I'm Tomura Shigaraki.
But at the same time,
I don't have any doubt
that this is me as well.
This is how it's been
ever since I woke up.
Radio Waves
plus Air Cannon plus Heavy Payload.
Prepare to dodge!
I know what your Quirk is.
Which one of us will be the first
to touch the other, huh, America?
Even if you know all my cards,
none of your strategies will work,
and that's why I'm the best, young boy.
Air.
"From this moment,
air does not exist anywhere
in the 100-meter area ahead of me."
Let that kill you!
STAR AND STRIPE
QUIRK: NEW ORDER
Star and Stripe. Her Quirk is New Order.
It allows her to impose
a rule onto a target
by touching it and calling out its name.
In this case, she touched the air
and imposed a rule that it cannot
exist within a designated space,
which removed air from that area.
This Quirk is cruel!
I want it!
I guess someone who came
all the way here to welcome me
won't be defeated so easily.
-Laser Cannon!
-Roger!
Clear shot of the target. Fire!
-I did it! I struck him!
-No way, Wedge!
-I struck him first!
-It's not over yet!
Reflect and Scatter.
Laser!
"This Laser
can be held."
He's regenerating.
That's why Japanese heroes lost to him.
The air is no longer restricted.
Does New Order have a limitation?
Now's my chance.
Sure, let's use superpowers to maneuver
through the air,
Tomura Shigaraki!
At any given time, I can only set rules
for two different targets.
One is continually used on myself.
I can't muster up
super strength like All Might,
but it's enough.
A long time ago, I was saved
by a Japanese student studying abroad.
My family and I were on our way
to the Santa Monica Pier.
A robber on the run
came and attacked our car.
I hoped to at least protect my sister.
Just when I thought I'd die...
he came.
I will never forget
those two tufts of hair.
He's my beloved mentor.
To display my commitment of contributing
to even greater peace,
I have eight tufts of hair!
No matter where I go,
I keep hearing about All Might!
That's why he's the Symbol of Peace.
By the way,
I touched you a moment ago
and said your name.
"If Tomura Shigaraki moves even an inch,
his heart will stop."
She fell for it.
I had an inkling
ever since the moment I woke up.
The boundary was obscure.
Normally, it would've taken
two months of rest
for you to completely fuse with me
to become one.
But you're incredible, Tomura.
Your hatred and your destructive impulses
exceeded both the doctor's
and my expectations!
If I'm to explain it in a percentage,
it might be 97%
or maybe even 98%.
Soon, we will become one.
We will be neither All For One
nor Tomura Shigaraki.
We will meld together
and become a whole new person.
I don't want that.
I don't want that!
It's not working on him.
That wasn't his name?
Is he not Tomura Shigaraki?
I see.
I don't mind.
Do you hate me? Hate me even more!
Your hatred will lead us
to our bright future!
His hair!
It all began at that house.
The little pieces of hate
that were piled on little by little.
His hair grew!
I can't understand him.
I'm starting to understand New Order.
It's very strong,
but there are rules to it.
America's number one hero,
Star and Stripe.
Her Quirk
is observed by the government,
and details about it are confidential.
By touching a target and saying its name,
she can impose any rule she chooses.
It's an exorbitant power that goes beyond
the definition of a general Quirk.
But I learned a few things
through our battle just now.
There's a limit to powering up
a living thing or a physical body.
If there was no limit,
she wouldn't have hesitated
to crush my head with one blow.
"If Tomura Shigaraki moves even an inch,
his heart will stop."
Those words revealed
that there's no limit to how much
it can weaken a body.
For example,
it's like a barometer
where she can freely choose
the maximum limit.
On the other hand,
she didn't say, "You will die
if you touch the air within this range."
Her words alone
can't impose rules on things
that she has not touched.
Or perhaps they can,
but it won't be as effective.
However,
the rules allow her to vacuum the air
and manipulate lasers.
She has a lot of freedom
to control nonliving things.
That's the true essence of New Order.
The different levels of power
between the living and nonliving
lie in the action of naming the target.
The rule she imposed on me
wasn't effective
because I'm not who she thinks I am.
Ms. Star touched me
thinking I was Tomura Shigaraki,
but right now, I'm not aware
of who I really am. Am I Shigaraki,
All For One,
or perhaps even Tenko Shimura?
When calling the name
of a living thing with a sense of self,
both party's understanding
of the name must be in agreement.
With inanimate objects,
Ms. Star can impose any rule on them
with her one-sided understanding.
Can she only control two targets at once?
What about the range?
What about my dog Mon?
Will the rules work if she calls
him by his name Mon?
What's gotten into me?
I'm bothered by how much
I want to test out the rules of her Quirk.
He must have a strategy to deal
with the lack of air.
What's your plan, Star?
New Order or the laser barrages
won't work on him.
That regenerating scum.
Send a message to Commander Agpar.
What?
You're already in trouble
for coming here without permission.
If we don't use it here,
what's the point of having
special command authority?
He's no longer just a threat to Japan.
He'll become a threat to the world.
We will use tactics
that are not used in Japan
to kill him right here right now!
Therefore, make sure I have
a place to stand until we get assistance.
Oh, man.
You're such a troublesome number one hero.
Starting today, you'll be working with me.
Let's risk our lives together, Brothers!
Wedge, shake off that rag!
That's where Star belongs!
Got it!
Even if you know my powers, you can't plan
a counterstrategy. Let me prove it to you!
"The air
will be shaped into a form
1,000 times my size."
Fist Bump to the Earth!
It's not visible, but I sense
an imposing figure.
It's pointless to accumulate more damage.
I want to ask him for his real name,
but I'm sure he won't tell me.
The only strategy left to destroy him is...
To crush him to smithereens!
But it's hard!
Bros! Give me the laser!
"The lasers
will combine into one!"
United Hyper-Max Output Laser:
Keraunos!
The Hyper-Max Output Laser
is on full blast nonstop!
I'm sure he'll burn to death!
Not yet. I'm barely stopping him
from regenerating.
This won't kill him.
Otherwise, Endeavor would've
been able to kill him long ago.
-Star.
-Mr. Agpar!
I got accustomed to your free spirit,
so I let my guard down.
But this time, your action will revoke you
of more than your hero license.
That's fine. By the way,
is the preparation done?
I added one extra as a special favor.
I contacted Japan.
It should be there soon.
That's lovely.
You're not bound by rules,
and you do as you please,
but that's what made
our country shine bright.
Even All Might
couldn't destroy this villain.
It's time to surpass him, Cassie.
State-of-the-Art Hypersonic
Intercontinental Cruise Missiles.
They're called Tiamat.
Make sure they hit the mark!
Preview of the next episode.
The battle between Star and Stripe
and Tomura Shigaraki.
The combination
of Star's Quirk, New Order,
and the Intercontinental Cruise Missiles,
Tiamat, makes an attack.
Will they be able to stop the evil?
This is the decisive moment
that will affect the whole world.
Next episode, "Specter."
That's the stron
will which belongs to people
who have inherited the light.
Go Beyond! Plus Ultra!
Subtitle translation by: Lili Morita